We have created a to-do list mobile application using android development with many functionalities like taking notes and maintain privacy using authorization system of firebase utilities and google services. So, every user can login using his/her account if any, or create a new account. To do list application will provide the user authentication system which will facilitate the user to keep his data or notes private. He will be able to sync the data using his login credentials. This kind of application is also being provided in the android mobile phones but does not provide the User Authentication System to keep the data Private and safe. There is also some extra functionalities like every individual note should be in float mode and only take the required area in which we can see the whole list. Colors of the notes should be varying so user can easily find their note and layout should seen more colorful. Apart from those we will upload this application on play store so anyone with android mobile phone can download this application and use it. 
•	There are many applications for note taking available on play store but most of them does not have any authentication system to protect the notes so our main is to built an application in which only specific user can access his/her notes.
•	The second advantage is of privacy. Due to authentication system every User can maintain the notes of their own separately in the same device. To do this each User have to login with their credentials and open their account.
•	As every note is stored in separate and centralized fire store cloud database so they are protected from any physical damage to the device and the User can sync and access the all notes.
•	Most of the applications have only space for content but in My Task application, each node is made up of two columns (title and column). In title column, the User can enter the title or date of the note so it become easier to find it afterwards.
•	All the notes are listed from newest to oldest So it become easier to find and arrange the notes.
